# Learning-Neural-Networks
My attempt at learning how to implement neural networks in keras during the Christmas Vacation
below is a description of what each file attempts to do.

GANN.py attempts to implement a Generative Adverserial Neural Network to generate digits from 1-9 that closely resemble ones made by humans - this attempt was not as successful as I would have like it to be since i quickly realized a cpu alone was not able to handle the way I tried to implement this network. 

pygame_for_genetic.py attempts to combine the strenghts of genetic algorithms and neural networks to create a ball that is able to track the target regardless of where the target moves. 
I had done some reading on unsupervised deep learning and based on the descriptions given and my basic knowledge of genetic algorithms I wondered if a genetic algorithm could be used in this field - this is an attempt to see if it works. 
The program simulates 100 balls (with a neural network with preset hyper-parameters) attempting to hit the target and the best balls from each generation is selected, mated and sent into another generation. When ball tracking is satisfactory, the model can be saved by pressing 'e' - the best model from the runs I had is also located in this repository named "best_ball.h5". 
If the program takes more than 10 generations to find a good ball, then the program must be restarted as the algorithm is unable to find a better function minimum.

evadetheballgame.py used the network generated by pygame_for_genetic.py to showcase how well the network is at tracking.

deblur_numbers.py uses an auto-encoder that was trained to regenerate a hand-written digit given to it. These images were then blurred and used as inputs to the model to see if the model could deblurr those images - the results showed that the model can deblur the images.

handdigits.py was my first attempt at following a tutorial for making a neural network using Keras Sequential
